CSS Frameworks Lab
Trez Crawford, Shavoya Beecher, Manpreet Kaur, Taylor Schmidt

Framework 1:
What is the name of this framework?
Materialize

What company maintains this framework?
Google

What does it advertise about itself to appeal to potential users?
-Combines the classic principles of successful design along with innovation and technology.
-Visual Experience
-Framework to incorp more feedback to users

How do you include this framework on your own site if you want to use it?
Download version. 
Two versions, one that is Materialize and Sass. 
Materialize: standard version that comes with both the minified and unminified CSS and Javascript files. 
Sass: This version contains the source SCSS files. By choosing this version you have more control over which components to include. You need a Sass compiler if you choose this. 
 
Does it have a CDN?
Yes, it does. 

Does it have a grid system? If yes, describe how that grid system works.
Yes, it uses a 12 column layout with container classes that can be turned on and turned off. 

Find an example of a website that uses this framework. How much does it differ from the default appearance?
Example websites can be found here: https://materializecss.com/showcase.html
They are well organized and spaced evenly which greatly differs from the default experience. The grid appearance is attractive.

Does this framework have an icon set? If yes, include a code snippet of how you’d use one.
Yes! The code snippet is :<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/icon?family=Material+Icons" rel="stylesheet">


Take a look at the buttons section of the docs. How do this framework’s buttons compare to a plain HTML button?
They look more user appealing. 
Draw in users based. 
You can use icons.

HTML: uses a lot more code and is not as appealing. 

Take a look at some of the default menu options (such as for page headers and footers) and pick one you think looks the best. How difficult are these to implement? Are they responsive? How difficult do you think something like this would be to implement without the help of the framework?
We think the buttons along a NavBar look the most visually appealing. It doesn’t look too difficult to implement as the code is already written. It is responsive as there are buttons that are clickable. The framework lays out the position of the Button NavBar whereas using HTML would take a lot of manual manipulation of the code. (We would not know where to start.)

Framework 2

What is the name of this framework?
Milligram

What company maintains this framework?
Scott Druce, the co-founder, director and general manager of Telegram Co., which owns Milligram and Telegram

What does it advertise about itself to appeal to potential users?
Milligram provides a minimal setup of styles for a fast and clean starting point. It's not about a UI framework. Specially designed for better performance and higher productivity with fewer properties to reset resulting in cleaner code.

How do you include this framework on your own site if you want to use it? Does it have a CDN?
You can download the system or you can install using a CDN. 

Does it have a grid system? If yes, describe how that grid system works.
Yes, Milligram uses a grid system. It is a “fluid system with a max width of 1120 px.” When you add columns and rows, they default to take up the available space evenly.

Find an example of a website that uses this framework. How much does it differ from the default appearance?
Calligraphr.
Clean and simple website, easy to navigate. 


Does this framework have an icon set? If yes, include a code snippet of how you’d use one.
It seems like this framework does not have an icon set.

Take a look at the buttons section of the docs. How do this framework’s buttons compare to a plain HTML button?
The buttons by Milligram are simple but user-friendly. As with Materialize, the pre-written code makes button creation much more simple than creating an HTML button. They have three options for buttons, seen below:




Take a look at some of the default menu options (such as for page headers and footers) and pick one you think looks the best. How difficult are these to implement? Are they responsive? How difficult do you think something like this would be to implement without the help of the framework?
Forms have clean formatting and are user-friendly, just like the other options available.
They are responsive as the tabs have a drop down to make a selection. 
(We would not know where to start.) 
The framework outlines all tabs and sections. 



